c:\My\Trainings\Cwiczenia-ModularMonolith\SmogFightClub\src\SFC.SharedKernel\bin\Debug\net6.0\SFC.SharedKernel.deps.json
c:\My\Trainings\Cwiczenia-ModularMonolith\SmogFightClub\src\SFC.SharedKernel\bin\Debug\net6.0\SFC.SharedKernel.dll
c:\My\Trainings\Cwiczenia-ModularMonolith\SmogFightClub\src\SFC.SharedKernel\bin\Debug\net6.0\SFC.SharedKernel.pdb
c:\My\Trainings\Cwiczenia-ModularMonolith\SmogFightClub\src\SFC.SharedKernel\obj\Debug\net6.0\SFC.SharedKernel.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
c:\My\Trainings\Cwiczenia-ModularMonolith\SmogFightClub\src\SFC.SharedKernel\obj\Debug\net6.0\SFC.SharedKernel.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
c:\My\Trainings\Cwiczenia-ModularMonolith\SmogFightClub\src\SFC.SharedKernel\obj\Debug\net6.0\SFC.SharedKernel.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\My\Trainings\Cwiczenia-ModularMonolith\SmogFightClub\src\SFC.SharedKernel\obj\Debug\net6.0\SFC.SharedKernel.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\My\Trainings\Cwiczenia-ModularMonolith\SmogFightClub\src\SFC.SharedKernel\obj\Debug\net6.0\SFC.SharedKernel.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\My\Trainings\Cwiczenia-ModularMonolith\SmogFightClub\src\SFC.SharedKernel\obj\Debug\net6.0\SFC.SharedKernel.dll
c:\My\Trainings\Cwiczenia-ModularMonolith\SmogFightClub\src\SFC.SharedKernel\obj\Debug\net6.0\refint\SFC.SharedKernel.dll
c:\My\Trainings\Cwiczenia-ModularMonolith\SmogFightClub\src\SFC.SharedKernel\obj\Debug\net6.0\SFC.SharedKernel.pdb
c:\My\Trainings\Cwiczenia-ModularMonolith\SmogFightClub\src\SFC.SharedKernel\obj\Debug\net6.0\ref\SFC.SharedKernel.dll
c:\My\Trainings\Cwiczenia-ModularMonolith\Task05 - CommandHandler\SmogFightClub\src\SFC.SharedKernel\bin\Debug\net6.0\SFC.SharedKernel.deps.json
c:\My\Trainings\Cwiczenia-ModularMonolith\Task05 - CommandHandler\SmogFightClub\src\SFC.SharedKernel\bin\Debug\net6.0\SFC.SharedKernel.dll
c:\My\Trainings\Cwiczenia-ModularMonolith\Task05 - CommandHandler\SmogFightClub\src\SFC.SharedKernel\bin\Debug\net6.0\SFC.SharedKernel.pdb
c:\My\Trainings\Cwiczenia-ModularMonolith\Task05 - CommandHandler\SmogFightClub\src\SFC.SharedKernel\obj\Debug\net6.0\SFC.SharedKernel.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
c:\My\Trainings\Cwiczenia-ModularMonolith\Task05 - CommandHandler\SmogFightClub\src\SFC.SharedKernel\obj\Debug\net6.0\SFC.SharedKernel.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
c:\My\Trainings\Cwiczenia-ModularMonolith\Task05 - CommandHandler\SmogFightClub\src\SFC.SharedKernel\obj\Debug\net6.0\SFC.SharedKernel.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\My\Trainings\Cwiczenia-ModularMonolith\Task05 - CommandHandler\SmogFightClub\src\SFC.SharedKernel\obj\Debug\net6.0\SFC.SharedKernel.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\My\Trainings\Cwiczenia-ModularMonolith\Task05 - CommandHandler\SmogFightClub\src\SFC.SharedKernel\obj\Debug\net6.0\SFC.SharedKernel.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\My\Trainings\Cwiczenia-ModularMonolith\Task05 - CommandHandler\SmogFightClub\src\SFC.SharedKernel\obj\Debug\net6.0\SFC.SharedKernel.dll
c:\My\Trainings\Cwiczenia-ModularMonolith\Task05 - CommandHandler\SmogFightClub\src\SFC.SharedKernel\obj\Debug\net6.0\refint\SFC.SharedKernel.dll
c:\My\Trainings\Cwiczenia-ModularMonolith\Task05 - CommandHandler\SmogFightClub\src\SFC.SharedKernel\obj\Debug\net6.0\SFC.SharedKernel.pdb
c:\My\Trainings\Cwiczenia-ModularMonolith\Task05 - CommandHandler\SmogFightClub\src\SFC.SharedKernel\obj\Debug\net6.0\ref\SFC.SharedKernel.dll
c:\My\Trainings\Cwiczenia-ModularMonolith\Task05 - CommandHandler\SFC - CommandHandler.Finished\src\SFC.SharedKernel\bin\Debug\net6.0\SFC.SharedKernel.deps.json
c:\My\Trainings\Cwiczenia-ModularMonolith\Task05 - CommandHandler\SFC - CommandHandler.Finished\src\SFC.SharedKernel\bin\Debug\net6.0\SFC.SharedKernel.dll
c:\My\Trainings\Cwiczenia-ModularMonolith\Task05 - CommandHandler\SFC - CommandHandler.Finished\src\SFC.SharedKernel\bin\Debug\net6.0\SFC.SharedKernel.pdb
c:\My\Trainings\Cwiczenia-ModularMonolith\Task05 - CommandHandler\SFC - CommandHandler.Finished\src\SFC.SharedKernel\obj\Debug\net6.0\SFC.SharedKernel.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
c:\My\Trainings\Cwiczenia-ModularMonolith\Task05 - CommandHandler\SFC - CommandHandler.Finished\src\SFC.SharedKernel\obj\Debug\net6.0\SFC.SharedKernel.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\My\Trainings\Cwiczenia-ModularMonolith\Task05 - CommandHandler\SFC - CommandHandler.Finished\src\SFC.SharedKernel\obj\Debug\net6.0\SFC.SharedKernel.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\My\Trainings\Cwiczenia-ModularMonolith\Task05 - CommandHandler\SFC - CommandHandler.Finished\src\SFC.SharedKernel\obj\Debug\net6.0\SFC.SharedKernel.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\My\Trainings\Cwiczenia-ModularMonolith\Task05 - CommandHandler\SFC - CommandHandler.Finished\src\SFC.SharedKernel\obj\Debug\net6.0\SFC.SharedKernel.dll
c:\My\Trainings\Cwiczenia-ModularMonolith\Task05 - CommandHandler\SFC - CommandHandler.Finished\src\SFC.SharedKernel\obj\Debug\net6.0\refint\SFC.SharedKernel.dll
c:\My\Trainings\Cwiczenia-ModularMonolith\Task05 - CommandHandler\SFC - CommandHandler.Finished\src\SFC.SharedKernel\obj\Debug\net6.0\SFC.SharedKernel.pdb
c:\My\Trainings\Cwiczenia-ModularMonolith\Task05 - CommandHandler\SFC - CommandHandler.Finished\src\SFC.SharedKernel\obj\Debug\net6.0\ref\SFC.SharedKernel.dll
